.TH "AVPQueue" 3 "21 Sep 2010" "ccRTP" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
AVPQueue \- 
.PP
This class, an RTP/RTCP queue, adds audio/video profile (AVP) specific methods to the generic RTCP service queue (\fBQueueRTCPManager\fP).  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <cqueue.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBQueueRTCPManager\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetControlBandwidth\fP (float fraction)"
.br
.RI "\fISpecify the bandwith available for control (RTCP) packets. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "float \fBgetControlBandwidth\fP () const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBAVPQueue\fP (uint32 size=\fBRTPDataQueue::defaultMembersHashSize\fP, \fBRTPApplication\fP &app=defaultApplication())"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBAVPQueue\fP (uint32 ssrc, uint32 size=\fBRTPDataQueue::defaultMembersHashSize\fP, \fBRTPApplication\fP &app=defaultApplication())"
.br
.RI "\fILocal SSRC is given instead of computed by the queue. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~AVPQueue\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
This class, an RTP/RTCP queue, adds audio/video profile (AVP) specific methods to the generic RTCP service queue (\fBQueueRTCPManager\fP). 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Federico Montesino Pouzols <fedemp@altern.org> 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "AVPQueue::AVPQueue (uint32 size = \fC\fBRTPDataQueue::defaultMembersHashSize\fP\fP, \fBRTPApplication\fP & app = \fCdefaultApplication()\fP)\fC [inline, protected]\fP"
.SS "AVPQueue::AVPQueue (uint32 ssrc, uint32 size = \fC\fBRTPDataQueue::defaultMembersHashSize\fP\fP, \fBRTPApplication\fP & app = \fCdefaultApplication()\fP)\fC [inline, protected]\fP"
.PP
Local SSRC is given instead of computed by the queue. 
.SS "virtual AVPQueue::~AVPQueue ()\fC [inline, protected, virtual]\fP"
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "float AVPQueue::getControlBandwidth () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQueueRTCPManager\fP.
.SS "void AVPQueue::setControlBandwidth (float fraction)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Specify the bandwith available for control (RTCP) packets. This method sets the global control bandwidth for both sender and receiver reports. As recommended in RFC 1890, 1/4 of the total control bandwidth is dedicated to senders, whereas 3/4 are dedicated to receivers.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfraction\fP fraction of the session bandwidth, between 0 and 1
.RE
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
If this method is not called, it is assumed that the control bandwidth is equal to 5% of the session bandwidth. Note also that the RFC RECOMMENDS the 5%. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQueueRTCPManager\fP.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ccRTP from the source code.
