.TH "base.h" 3 "21 Sep 2010" "ccRTP" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
base.h \- 
.PP
Base elements for RTP stacks: constants, types and global functions.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <cc++/config.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <cc++/socket.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCCXX_PACKED\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef uint32 \fBmicrotimeout_t\fP"
.br
.RI "\fITime interval expressed in microseconds. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef uint32 \fBnanotimeout_t\fP"
.br
.RI "\fITime interval expressed in nanoseconds. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "__EXPORT timeval \fBmicrotimeout2Timeval\fP (\fBmicrotimeout_t\fP to)"
.br
.RI "\fIConvert a time interval, expressed as a microtimeout_t (number of microseconds), into a timeval value. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmicrotimeout_t\fP \fBtimeval2microtimeout\fP (const timeval &t)"
.br
.RI "\fIConvert a time interval, expressed as a timeval value into a microseconds counter. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmicrotimeout_t\fP \fBtimevalDiff2microtimeout\fP (const timeval &t1, const timeval &t2)"
.br
.RI "\fIConvert a time interval, expressed as the difference between two timeval values (t1-t2), into a microseconds counter. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const uint8 \fBCCRTP_VERSION\fP = 2"
.br
.RI "\fIRTP protocol version supported. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const tpport_t \fBDefaultRTPDataPort\fP = 5004"
.br
.RI "\fIregistered default RTP data transport port \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const tpport_t \fBDefaultRTCPPort\fP = 5005"
.br
.RI "\fIregistered default RTCP transport port \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Base elements for RTP stacks: constants, types and global functions. 


.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define CCXX_PACKED"
.SH "Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "typedef uint32 \fBmicrotimeout_t\fP"
.PP
Time interval expressed in microseconds. 
.SS "typedef uint32 \fBnanotimeout_t\fP"
.PP
Time interval expressed in nanoseconds. 
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "__EXPORT timeval microtimeout2Timeval (\fBmicrotimeout_t\fP to)"
.PP
Convert a time interval, expressed as a microtimeout_t (number of microseconds), into a timeval value. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIto\fP time interval, in microseconds. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the same time interval, as a timeval value. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBmicrotimeout_t\fP timeval2microtimeout (const timeval & t)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Convert a time interval, expressed as a timeval value into a microseconds counter. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIt\fP time, as a timeval. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the same time, as a microseconds counter. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBmicrotimeout_t\fP timevalDiff2microtimeout (const timeval & t1, const timeval & t2)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Convert a time interval, expressed as the difference between two timeval values (t1-t2), into a microseconds counter. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIt1\fP First timeval. 
.br
\fIt2\fP Second timeval. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
difference between t1 and t2, in microseconds. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "const uint8 \fBCCRTP_VERSION\fP = 2"
.PP
RTP protocol version supported. 
.SS "const tpport_t \fBDefaultRTCPPort\fP = 5005"
.PP
registered default RTCP transport port 
.SS "const tpport_t \fBDefaultRTPDataPort\fP = 5004"
.PP
registered default RTP data transport port 
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ccRTP from the source code.
