.TH "DestinationListHandler" 3 "21 Sep 2010" "ccRTP" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
DestinationListHandler \- 
.PP
This class handles a list of destination addresses.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <oqueue.h>\fP
.PP
Inherited by \fBOutgoingDataQueue\fP\fC [protected]\fP.
.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBTransportAddress\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDestinationListHandler\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~DestinationListHandler\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBisSingleDestination\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet whether there is only a destination in the list. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBTransportAddress\fP * \fBgetFirstDestination\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBlockDestinationList\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBunlockDestinationList\fP () const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBwriteLockDestinationList\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBaddDestinationToList\fP (const InetAddress &ia, tpport_t data, tpport_t control)"
.br
.RI "\fILocks the object before modifying it. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBremoveDestinationFromList\fP (const InetAddress &ia, tpport_t dataPort, tpport_t controlPort)"
.br
.RI "\fILocks the object before modifying it. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::list< \fBTransportAddress\fP * > \fBdestList\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
This class handles a list of destination addresses. 

Stores network addresses as InetAddress objects.
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Federico Montesino Pouzols <fedemp@altern.org> 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "DestinationListHandler::DestinationListHandler ()"
.SS "DestinationListHandler::~DestinationListHandler ()"
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "bool DestinationListHandler::addDestinationToList (const InetAddress & ia, tpport_t data, tpport_t control)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Locks the object before modifying it. 
.SS "\fBTransportAddress\fP* DestinationListHandler::getFirstDestination () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.SS "bool DestinationListHandler::isSingleDestination () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get whether there is only a destination in the list. 
.SS "void DestinationListHandler::lockDestinationList () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.SS "bool DestinationListHandler::removeDestinationFromList (const InetAddress & ia, tpport_t dataPort, tpport_t controlPort)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Locks the object before modifying it. 
.SS "void DestinationListHandler::unlockDestinationList () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.SS "void DestinationListHandler::writeLockDestinationList () const\fC [inline, protected]\fP"
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "std::list<\fBTransportAddress\fP*> \fBDestinationListHandler::destList\fP\fC [protected]\fP"

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ccRTP from the source code.
