.TH "iqueue.h" 3 "21 Sep 2010" "ccRTP" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
iqueue.h \- 
.PP
Generic RTP input queues.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <ccrtp/queuebase.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <ccrtp/CryptoContext.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <list>\fP
.br

.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBMembers\fP"
.br
.RI "\fImembers and senders accounting \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBSyncSourceHandler\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBSyncSource\fP objects modification methods. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBParticipantHandler\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBParticipant\fP objects modification methods. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBApplicationHandler\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIApplication objects modification methods. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBConflictHandler\fP"
.br
.RI "\fITo track addresses of sources conflicting with the local one. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBConflictHandler::ConflictingTransportAddress\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBMembershipBookkeeping\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIControls the group membership in the current session. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBMembershipBookkeeping::IncomingRTPPktLink\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIIncoming RTP data packets control structure within the incoming packet queue class. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBMembershipBookkeeping::SyncSourceLink\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISynchronization Source internal handler within the incoming packets queue. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBIncomingDataQueue\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIQueue for incoming RTP data packets in an RTP session. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBIncomingDataQueue::SyncSourcesIterator\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIiterator through the list of synchronizations sources in this session \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Generic RTP input queues. 


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ccRTP from the source code.
