.TH "Participant" 3 "21 Sep 2010" "ccRTP" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Participant \- 
.PP
A class of objects representing remote participants (RTP applications) in a multimedia session.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <sources.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBSDESItemsHolder\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::string & \fBgetSDESItem\fP (\fBSDESItemType\fP type) const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet the value of an SDES item. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::string & \fBgetPRIVPrefix\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet the prefix value for the PRIV SDES item. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBParticipant\fP (const std::string &cname)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstruct a new participant. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~Participant\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBParticipantHandler\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A class of objects representing remote participants (RTP applications) in a multimedia session. 

Any RTP socket/queue class that directly or indirectly inherits from \fBQueueRTCPManager\fP (and hence has RTCP support) will represent participants from which any RTP or RTCP packet has been received through a \fBParticipant\fP object. These \fBParticipant\fP objects are entities such as end systems (user applications, monitors, etc), RTP mixers and RTP translators.
.PP
\fBParticipant\fP objects are identified by a CNAME and provide access to all known data about the source of RTP/RTCP packets, such as the CNAME and any other SDES item. Each participant object is related to one or more synchronization objects (
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBSyncSource\fP).
.RE
.PP
If an RTP application based on ccRTP receives packets from itself (for instance, it is included in the destination list), there will be a \fBParticipant\fP object that corresponds to the 'local participant' (\fBRTPApplication\fP) object.
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Federico Montesino Pouzols <fedemp@altern.org>
.RE
.PP

.PP
\fBExamples: \fP
.in +1c
.PP
\fBccrtptest.cpp\fP.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Participant::Participant (const std::string & cname)"
.PP
Construct a new participant. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcname\fP Unique CNAME identifier. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "Participant::~Participant ()"
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "const std::string& Participant::getPRIVPrefix () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get the prefix value for the PRIV SDES item. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
PRIV SDES item prefix as a string. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturn values:\fP
.RS 4
\fIempty\fP string when no PRIV SDES item has been received from this source. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBSDESItemsHolder\fP.
.SS "const std::string& Participant::getSDESItem (\fBSDESItemType\fP type) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get the value of an SDES item. For instance, getSDESItem(SDESItemTypeCNAME), return the CNAME of this \fBParticipant\fP.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItype\fP type of SDES item to get value of.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
value of the SDES item as a string. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturn values:\fP
.RS 4
\fIempty\fP string when the value is not known (no RTCP packet with the requested SDES item has been received from this source). 
.RE
.PP

.PP
\fBExamples: \fP
.in +1c
\fBccrtptest.cpp\fP, and \fBrtplisten.cpp\fP.
.SH "Friends And Related Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "friend class \fBParticipantHandler\fP\fC [friend]\fP"

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ccRTP from the source code.
