.TH "PayloadFormat" 3 "21 Sep 2010" "ccRTP" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
PayloadFormat \- 
.PP
Base payload format class.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <formats.h>\fP
.PP
Inherited by \fBDynamicPayloadFormat\fP, and \fBStaticPayloadFormat\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPayloadType\fP \fBgetPayloadType\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet payload type numeric identifier carried in RTP packets. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "uint32 \fBgetRTPClockRate\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet RTP clock rate for this payload format. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPayloadFormat\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBPayloadFormat\fP must not be used but as base class. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~PayloadFormat\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBPayloadFormat\fP must not be used but as base class. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetPayloadType\fP (\fBPayloadType\fP pt)"
.br
.RI "\fISet payload type numeric identifier carried in RTP packets. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetRTPClockRate\fP (uint32 rate)"
.br
.RI "\fISet RTP clock rate. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Static Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static const uint32 \fBdefaultRTPClockRate\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Base payload format class. 

The properties of a payload format that, as an RTP stack, ccRTP takes into account are the payload type (numeric identifier) and the RTP clock rate.
.PP
This is a base class for both \fBStaticPayloadFormat\fP and \fBDynamicPayloadFormat\fP.
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Federico Montesino Pouzols <fedemp@altern.org> 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "PayloadFormat::PayloadFormat ()\fC [inline, protected]\fP"
.PP
\fBPayloadFormat\fP must not be used but as base class. 
.SS "virtual PayloadFormat::~PayloadFormat ()\fC [inline, protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
\fBPayloadFormat\fP must not be used but as base class. 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBPayloadType\fP PayloadFormat::getPayloadType () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get payload type numeric identifier carried in RTP packets. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
payload type numeric identifier. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "uint32 PayloadFormat::getRTPClockRate () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get RTP clock rate for this payload format. Note this method provides the RTP clock rate (for the timestamp in RTP data packets headers), which is not necessarily the same as the codec clock rate.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
RTP clock rate in Hz. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void PayloadFormat::setPayloadType (\fBPayloadType\fP pt)\fC [inline, protected]\fP"
.PP
Set payload type numeric identifier carried in RTP packets. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpt\fP payload type number. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void PayloadFormat::setRTPClockRate (uint32 rate)\fC [inline, protected]\fP"
.PP
Set RTP clock rate. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIrate\fP RTP clock rate in Hz. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "const uint32 \fBPayloadFormat::defaultRTPClockRate\fP\fC [static, protected]\fP"

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ccRTP from the source code.
