.TH "RTCPCompoundHandler::ReceiverInfo" 3 "21 Sep 2010" "ccRTP" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
RTCPCompoundHandler::ReceiverInfo \- 
.PP
Struct for the data contained in a receiver info block.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <rtcppkt.h>\fP
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "uint8 \fBfractionLost\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIpacket fraction lost. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "uint8 \fBlostMSB\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIcumulative lost MSB of 3 octets. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "uint16 \fBlostLSW\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIcumulative lost two LSB. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "uint32 \fBhighestSeqNum\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIhighest sequence number. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "uint32 \fBjitter\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIarrival jitter. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "uint32 \fBlsr\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIlast sender report timestamp. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "uint32 \fBdlsr\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIdelay since last sender report. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Struct for the data contained in a receiver info block. 

Receiver info blocks can be found in SR (sender report) or RR (receiver report) RTCP packets. 
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "uint32 \fBRTCPCompoundHandler::ReceiverInfo::dlsr\fP"
.PP
delay since last sender report. 
.SS "uint8 \fBRTCPCompoundHandler::ReceiverInfo::fractionLost\fP"
.PP
packet fraction lost. 
.SS "uint32 \fBRTCPCompoundHandler::ReceiverInfo::highestSeqNum\fP"
.PP
highest sequence number. 
.SS "uint32 \fBRTCPCompoundHandler::ReceiverInfo::jitter\fP"
.PP
arrival jitter. 
.SS "uint16 \fBRTCPCompoundHandler::ReceiverInfo::lostLSW\fP"
.PP
cumulative lost two LSB. 
.SS "uint8 \fBRTCPCompoundHandler::ReceiverInfo::lostMSB\fP"
.PP
cumulative lost MSB of 3 octets. 
.SS "uint32 \fBRTCPCompoundHandler::ReceiverInfo::lsr\fP"
.PP
last sender report timestamp. 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ccRTP from the source code.
