.TH "RTCPSenderInfo" 3 "21 Sep 2010" "ccRTP" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
RTCPSenderInfo \- 
.PP
Sender block information of SR RTCP reports.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <rtcppkt.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRTCPSenderInfo\fP (void *si)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRTCPSenderInfo\fP (\fBRTCPCompoundHandler::SenderInfo\fP &si)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~RTCPSenderInfo\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "uint32 \fBgetNTPTimestampInt\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet integer part of the NTP timestamp of this packet. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "uint32 \fBgetNTPTimestampFrac\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet fractional part of the NTP timestamp of this packet. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "uint32 \fBgetRTPTimestamp\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "uint32 \fBgetPacketCount\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet count of sent data packets. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "uint32 \fBgetOctetCount\fP () const "
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Sender block information of SR RTCP reports. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Federico Montesino Pouzols <fedemp@altern.org> 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "RTCPSenderInfo::RTCPSenderInfo (void * si)\fC [inline]\fP"
.SS "RTCPSenderInfo::RTCPSenderInfo (\fBRTCPCompoundHandler::SenderInfo\fP & si)\fC [inline]\fP"
.SS "RTCPSenderInfo::~RTCPSenderInfo ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "uint32 RTCPSenderInfo::getNTPTimestampFrac () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get fractional part of the NTP timestamp of this packet. \fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBNTP2Timeval\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "uint32 RTCPSenderInfo::getNTPTimestampInt () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get integer part of the NTP timestamp of this packet. \fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBNTP2Timeval\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "uint32 RTCPSenderInfo::getOctetCount () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.SS "uint32 RTCPSenderInfo::getPacketCount () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get count of sent data packets. 
.SS "uint32 RTCPSenderInfo::getRTPTimestamp () const\fC [inline]\fP"

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ccRTP from the source code.
