.TH "rtcppkt.h" 3 "21 Sep 2010" "ccRTP" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
rtcppkt.h \- 
.PP
RTCP packets handling.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <ccrtp/base.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBRTCPCompoundHandler\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIlow level structs and RTCP packet parsing and building methods. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBRTCPCompoundHandler::ReceiverInfo\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStruct for the data contained in a receiver info block. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBRTCPCompoundHandler::RRBlock\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStruct for a receiver info block in a SR (sender report) or an RR (receiver report) RTCP packet. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBRTCPCompoundHandler::RecvReport\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIraw structure of the source and every receiver report in an SR or RR RTCP packet. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBRTCPCompoundHandler::SenderInfo\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStruct for the sender info block in a SR (sender report) RTCP packet. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBRTCPCompoundHandler::SendReport\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStruct for SR (sender report) RTCP packets. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBRTCPCompoundHandler::SDESItem\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStruct for an item description of a SDES packet. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBRTCPCompoundHandler::SDESChunk\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStruct for a chunk of items in a SDES RTCP packet. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBRTCPCompoundHandler::BYEPacket\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStruct for BYE (leaving session) RTCP packets. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBRTCPCompoundHandler::APPPacket\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStruct for APP (application specific) RTCP packets. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBRTCPCompoundHandler::FIRPacket\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStruct for Full Intra-frame Request (FIR) RTCP packet. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBRTCPCompoundHandler::NACKPacket\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStruct for Negative ACKnowledgements (NACK) RTCP packet. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBRTCPCompoundHandler::RTCPFixedHeader\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIFixed RTCP packet header. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBRTCPCompoundHandler::RTCPPacket\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStruct representing general RTCP packet headers as they are sent through the network. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBRTCPReceiverInfo\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIReport block information of SR/RR RTCP reports. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBRTCPSenderInfo\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISender block information of SR RTCP reports. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Enumerations"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBSDESItemType\fP { \fBSDESItemTypeEND\fP =  0, \fBSDESItemTypeCNAME\fP, \fBSDESItemTypeNAME\fP, \fBSDESItemTypeEMAIL\fP, \fBSDESItemTypePHONE\fP, \fBSDESItemTypeLOC\fP, \fBSDESItemTypeTOOL\fP, \fBSDESItemTypeNOTE\fP, \fBSDESItemTypePRIV\fP, \fBSDESItemTypeH323CADDR\fP, \fBSDESItemTypeLast\fP =  SDESItemTypeH323CADDR }"
.br
.RI "\fISDES items that may be carried in a Source DEScription RTCP packet. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "timeval \fBNTP2Timeval\fP (uint32 msw, uint32 lsw)"
.br
.RI "\fIConvert a NTP timestamp, expressed as two 32-bit long words, into a timeval value. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "uint32 \fBtimevalIntervalTo65536\fP (timeval &t)"
.br
.RI "\fIConvert a time interval, expressed as a timeval, into a 32-bit time interval expressed in units of 1/65536 seconds. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
RTCP packets handling. 


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ccRTP from the source code.
