.TH "RTCPReceiverInfo" 3 "21 Sep 2010" "ccRTP" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
RTCPReceiverInfo \- 
.PP
Report block information of SR/RR RTCP reports.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <rtcppkt.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRTCPReceiverInfo\fP (void *ri)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRTCPReceiverInfo\fP (\fBRTCPCompoundHandler::ReceiverInfo\fP &si)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~RTCPReceiverInfo\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "uint8 \fBgetFractionLost\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet fraction of lost packets, as a number between 0 and 255. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "uint32 \fBgetCumulativePacketLost\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "uint32 \fBgetExtendedSeqNum\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "uint32 \fBgetJitter\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet the statistical variance of the RTP data packets interarrival time. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "uint16 \fBgetLastSRNTPTimestampInt\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet the integer part of the NTP timestamp of the last SR RTCP packet received from the source this receiver report refers to. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "uint16 \fBgetLastSRNTPTimestampFrac\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet the fractional part of the NTP timestamp of the last SR RTCP packet received from the source this receiver report refers to. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "uint32 \fBgetDelayLastSR\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet the delay between the last SR packet received and the transmission of this report. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Report block information of SR/RR RTCP reports. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Federico Montesino Pouzols <fedemp@altern.org> 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "RTCPReceiverInfo::RTCPReceiverInfo (void * ri)\fC [inline]\fP"
.SS "RTCPReceiverInfo::RTCPReceiverInfo (\fBRTCPCompoundHandler::ReceiverInfo\fP & si)\fC [inline]\fP"
.SS "RTCPReceiverInfo::~RTCPReceiverInfo ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "uint32 RTCPReceiverInfo::getCumulativePacketLost () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.SS "uint32 RTCPReceiverInfo::getDelayLastSR () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get the delay between the last SR packet received and the transmission of this report. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Delay, in units of 1/65536 seconds 
.RE
.PP

.SS "uint32 RTCPReceiverInfo::getExtendedSeqNum () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.SS "uint8 RTCPReceiverInfo::getFractionLost () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get fraction of lost packets, as a number between 0 and 255. 
.SS "uint32 RTCPReceiverInfo::getJitter () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get the statistical variance of the RTP data packets interarrival time. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Interarrival jitter, in timestamp units. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "uint16 RTCPReceiverInfo::getLastSRNTPTimestampFrac () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get the fractional part of the NTP timestamp of the last SR RTCP packet received from the source this receiver report refers to. 
.SS "uint16 RTCPReceiverInfo::getLastSRNTPTimestampInt () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get the integer part of the NTP timestamp of the last SR RTCP packet received from the source this receiver report refers to. 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ccRTP from the source code.
