.TH "IncomingRTPPkt" 3 "21 Sep 2010" "ccRTP" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
IncomingRTPPkt \- 
.PP
RTP packets received from other participants.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <rtppkt.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBRTPPacket\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIncomingRTPPkt\fP (const unsigned char *block, size_t len)"
.br
.RI "\fIBuild an RTP packet object from a data buffer. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~IncomingRTPPkt\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBisHeaderValid\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIGet validity of this packet. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "uint32 \fBgetSSRC\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet synchronization source numeric identifier. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int32 \fBunprotect\fP (\fBCryptoContext\fP *pcc)"
.br
.RI "\fIUnprotect a received packet. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator==\fP (const \fBIncomingRTPPkt\fP &p) const "
.br
.RI "\fITwo incoming packets are equal if they come from sources with the same SSRC and have the same sequence number. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator!=\fP (const \fBIncomingRTPPkt\fP &p) const "
.br
.RI "\fITwo incoming packets are not equal if they come from different sources or have different sequence numbers. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
RTP packets received from other participants. 

This class is intented to construct a packet object just after every packet is received by the scheduled queue, so that they are processed in an understandable and format independent manner inside the stack.
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Federico Montesino Pouzols <fedemp@altern.org> 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "IncomingRTPPkt::IncomingRTPPkt (const unsigned char * block, size_t len)"
.PP
Build an RTP packet object from a data buffer. This constructor first performs a generic RTP data packet header check, whose result can be checked via \fBisHeaderValid()\fP.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIblock\fP pointer to the buffer the whole packet is stored in. 
.br
\fIlen\fP length of the whole packet, expressed in octets.
.RE
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
If check fails, the packet object is incomplete. checking \fBisHeaderValid()\fP is recommended before using a new \fBRTPPacket\fP object. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "IncomingRTPPkt::~IncomingRTPPkt ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "uint32 IncomingRTPPkt::getSSRC () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get synchronization source numeric identifier. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
32-bits Synchronization SouRCe numeric identifier, in host order. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "bool IncomingRTPPkt::isHeaderValid ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get validity of this packet. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
whether the header check performed at construction time ended successfully. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "bool IncomingRTPPkt::operator!= (const \fBIncomingRTPPkt\fP & p) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Two incoming packets are not equal if they come from different sources or have different sequence numbers. 
.SS "bool IncomingRTPPkt::operator== (const \fBIncomingRTPPkt\fP & p) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Two incoming packets are equal if they come from sources with the same SSRC and have the same sequence number. 
.SS "int32 IncomingRTPPkt::unprotect (\fBCryptoContext\fP * pcc)"
.PP
Unprotect a received packet. Perform SRTP processing on this packet.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpcc\fP Pointer to SRTP \fBCryptoContext\fP. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
one if no errors, -1 if authentication failed, -2 if replay check failed 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ccRTP from the source code.
