.TH "RTCPCompoundHandler::RTCPPacket" 3 "21 Sep 2010" "ccRTP" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
RTCPCompoundHandler::RTCPPacket \- 
.PP
Struct representing general RTCP packet headers as they are sent through the network.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <rtcppkt.h>\fP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBType\fP { \fBtSR\fP =  200, \fBtRR\fP, \fBtSDES\fP, \fBtBYE\fP, \fBtAPP\fP, \fBtFIR\fP =  192, \fBtNACK\fP =  193, \fBtXR\fP }"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBrtp.h\fP cc++/rtp.h \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "uint32 \fBgetLength\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet the packet length specified in its header, in octets and in host order. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "uint32 \fBgetSSRC\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet the SSRC identifier specified in the packet header, in host order. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRTCPFixedHeader\fP \fBfh\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIFixed RTCP header. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "union {"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "   \fBSendReport\fP \fBSR\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "   \fBRecvReport\fP \fBRR\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "   \fBSDESChunk\fP \fBSDES\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "   \fBBYEPacket\fP \fBBYE\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "   \fBAPPPacket\fP \fBAPP\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "   \fBNACKPacket\fP \fBNACK\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "   \fBFIRPacket\fP \fBFIR\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "} \fBinfo\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIUnion for SR, RR, SDES, BYE and APP. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Struct representing general RTCP packet headers as they are sent through the network. 

This struct consists of a fixed header, always at the beginning of any RTCP packet, and a union for all the RTCP packet types supported. 
.SH "Member Enumeration Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fBRTCPCompoundHandler::RTCPPacket::Type\fP"
.PP
\fBrtp.h\fP cc++/rtp.h RTCP packet types. They are registered with IANA. 
.PP
\fBEnumerator: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fItSR \fP\fP
Sender Report. 
.TP
\fB\fItRR \fP\fP
Receiver Report. 
.TP
\fB\fItSDES \fP\fP
Source DEScription. 
.TP
\fB\fItBYE \fP\fP
End of participation. 
.TP
\fB\fItAPP \fP\fP
APPlication specific. 
.TP
\fB\fItFIR \fP\fP
Full Intra-frame request. 
.TP
\fB\fItNACK \fP\fP
Negative ACK. 
.TP
\fB\fItXR \fP\fP
Extended Report. 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "uint32 RTCPCompoundHandler::RTCPPacket::getLength () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get the packet length specified in its header, in octets and in host order. 
.SS "uint32 RTCPCompoundHandler::RTCPPacket::getSSRC () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get the SSRC identifier specified in the packet header, in host order. 
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBAPPPacket\fP \fBRTCPCompoundHandler::RTCPPacket::APP\fP"
.SS "\fBBYEPacket\fP \fBRTCPCompoundHandler::RTCPPacket::BYE\fP"
.SS "\fBRTCPFixedHeader\fP \fBRTCPCompoundHandler::RTCPPacket::fh\fP"
.PP
Fixed RTCP header. 
.SS "\fBFIRPacket\fP \fBRTCPCompoundHandler::RTCPPacket::FIR\fP"
.SS "union { ... }         \fBRTCPCompoundHandler::RTCPPacket::info\fP"
.PP
Union for SR, RR, SDES, BYE and APP. 
.SS "\fBNACKPacket\fP \fBRTCPCompoundHandler::RTCPPacket::NACK\fP"
.SS "\fBRecvReport\fP \fBRTCPCompoundHandler::RTCPPacket::RR\fP"
.SS "\fBSDESChunk\fP \fBRTCPCompoundHandler::RTCPPacket::SDES\fP"
.SS "\fBSendReport\fP \fBRTCPCompoundHandler::RTCPPacket::SR\fP"

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ccRTP from the source code.
