.TH "RTCPCompoundHandler" 3 "21 Sep 2010" "ccRTP" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
RTCPCompoundHandler \- 
.PP
low level structs and RTCP packet parsing and building methods.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <rtcppkt.h>\fP
.PP
Inherited by \fBQueueRTCPManager\fP\fC [protected]\fP.
.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBAPPPacket\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStruct for APP (application specific) RTCP packets. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBBYEPacket\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStruct for BYE (leaving session) RTCP packets. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBFIRPacket\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStruct for Full Intra-frame Request (FIR) RTCP packet. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBNACKPacket\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStruct for Negative ACKnowledgements (NACK) RTCP packet. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBReceiverInfo\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStruct for the data contained in a receiver info block. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBRecvReport\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIraw structure of the source and every receiver report in an SR or RR RTCP packet. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBRRBlock\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStruct for a receiver info block in a SR (sender report) or an RR (receiver report) RTCP packet. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBRTCPFixedHeader\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIFixed RTCP packet header. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBRTCPPacket\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStruct representing general RTCP packet headers as they are sent through the network. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBSDESChunk\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStruct for a chunk of items in a SDES RTCP packet. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBSDESItem\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStruct for an item description of a SDES packet. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBSenderInfo\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStruct for the sender info block in a SR (sender report) RTCP packet. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBSendReport\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStruct for SR (sender report) RTCP packets. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetPathMTU\fP (uint16 mtu)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "uint16 \fBgetPathMTU\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum { \fBdefaultPathMTU\fP =  1500 }"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRTCPCompoundHandler\fP (uint16 mtu=defaultPathMTU)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~RTCPCompoundHandler\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBcheckCompoundRTCPHeader\fP (size_t len)"
.br
.RI "\fIPerform RTCP compound packet header validity check as specified in draft-ietv-avt-rtp-new. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned char * \fBrtcpSendBuffer\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned char * \fBrtcpRecvBuffer\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBRTCPSenderInfo\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBRTCPReceiverInfo\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
low level structs and RTCP packet parsing and building methods. 

Intended to be used, through inheritance, in RTCP management classes, such as \fBQueueRTCPManager\fP.
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Federico Montesino Pouzols <fedemp@altern.org> 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Enumeration Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "anonymous enum\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
\fBEnumerator: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIdefaultPathMTU \fP\fP

.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "RTCPCompoundHandler::RTCPCompoundHandler (uint16 mtu = \fCdefaultPathMTU\fP)\fC [protected]\fP"
.SS "RTCPCompoundHandler::~RTCPCompoundHandler ()\fC [protected]\fP"
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "bool RTCPCompoundHandler::checkCompoundRTCPHeader (size_t len)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Perform RTCP compound packet header validity check as specified in draft-ietv-avt-rtp-new. This method follows appendix A.2. Correct version, payload type, padding bit and length of every RTCP packet in the compound are verified.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIlen\fP length of the RTCP compound packet in the reception buffer 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
whether the header is valid. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "uint16 RTCPCompoundHandler::getPathMTU ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.SS "void RTCPCompoundHandler::setPathMTU (uint16 mtu)\fC [inline]\fP"
.SH "Friends And Related Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "friend class \fBRTCPReceiverInfo\fP\fC [friend]\fP"
.SS "friend class \fBRTCPSenderInfo\fP\fC [friend]\fP"
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "unsigned char* \fBRTCPCompoundHandler::rtcpRecvBuffer\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.SS "unsigned char* \fBRTCPCompoundHandler::rtcpSendBuffer\fP\fC [protected]\fP"

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ccRTP from the source code.
