.TH "RTP sessions." 3 "21 Sep 2010" "ccRTP" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
RTP sessions. \- 
.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBTRTPSessionBase< RTPDataChannel, RTCPChannel, ServiceQueue >\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBSingleThreadRTPSession< RTPDataChannel, RTCPChannel, ServiceQueue >\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThis template class adds the threading aspect to the \fBRTPSessionBase\fP template in one of the many possible ways. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBRTPSessionBase\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIGeneric RTP protocol stack for exchange of realtime data. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBSingleThreadRTPSession\fP \fBRTPSession\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIUses two pairs of sockets for RTP data and RTCP transmission/reception. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBRTPSession\fP \fBRTPSocket\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIAlias for RTPSession. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBSingleThreadRTPSession\fP< \fBSymmetricRTPChannel\fP, \fBSymmetricRTPChannel\fP > \fBSymmetricRTPSession\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIUses one pair of sockets, (1) for RTP data and (2) for RTCP transmission/reception. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBRTPSession\fP"
.PP
Uses two pairs of sockets for RTP data and RTCP transmission/reception. UDP/IPv4 RTP Session scheduled by one thread of execution. 
.PP
\fBExamples: \fP
.in +1c
\fBaudiorx.cpp\fP, \fBaudiotx.cpp\fP, \fBccrtptest.cpp\fP, \fBrtphello.cpp\fP, \fBrtplisten.cpp\fP, and \fBrtpsend.cpp\fP.
.SS "\fBRTPSocket\fP"
.PP
Alias for RTPSession. 
.SS "\fBSymmetricRTPSession\fP"
.PP
Uses one pair of sockets, (1) for RTP data and (2) for RTCP transmission/reception. Symmetric UDP/IPv4 RTP session scheduled by one thread of execution. 
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ccRTP from the source code.
