.TH "StaticPayloadFormat" 3 "21 Sep 2010" "ccRTP" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
StaticPayloadFormat \- 
.PP
Static payload format objects.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <formats.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBPayloadFormat\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBStaticPayloadFormat\fP (\fBStaticPayloadType\fP type)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Static payload format objects. 

Class of payload formats objects for payload types statically assigned. Because these payloads have an RTP clock rate assigned, it is not specified to the constructor. A call to StaticPayloadFormat(sptPCMU) will set the proper clock rate and any other parameters for that static payload type.
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Federico Montesino Pouzols <fedemp@altern.org> 
.RE
.PP

.PP
\fBExamples: \fP
.in +1c
.PP
\fBaudiorx.cpp\fP, \fBaudiotx.cpp\fP, \fBccrtptest.cpp\fP, \fBrtpduphello.cpp\fP, \fBrtphello.cpp\fP, \fBrtplisten.cpp\fP, and \fBrtpsend.cpp\fP.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "StaticPayloadFormat::StaticPayloadFormat (\fBStaticPayloadType\fP type)"
.PP
Constructor. Builds a payload format from a static payload binding identifier, assigning the numeric identifier and RTP clock rate statically bounded.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItype\fP Numeric identifier in the range 0-96. 
.RE
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
some identifiers are reserved. 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ccRTP from the source code.
